c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\CannedAirAPI.dll
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\CannedAirAPI.pdb
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\CannedAirAPI_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\obj\Debug\CannedAirAPI.g.resources
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\obj\Debug\CannedAirAPI.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\obj\Debug\CannedAirAPI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\obj\Debug\CannedAirAPI.dll
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\obj\Debug\CannedAirAPI.pdb
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP8.dll
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP8.dll
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP8.pdb
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP8.xml
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP8.pdb
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP8.xml
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\dx169-xl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CannedAirAPI\CannedAirAPI\obj\Debug\CannedAirAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
